tonight is the purge gonna be great no
bananas it's so beautiful what are you
wait about how you got it let's enjoy
this smell the fresh sugar spice
do you happy purge neighbors most what
does Haj people can get away
with whatever crime know what for twelve
hours there's no personal damn
neighborhood like this hello Carl
it's a matter of time before our wives
want to sleep with you and I do not want
you destroying my wife's guts so I must
destroy you
you can obscure you I'll be
back mr. black
dr. booth what's wrong we
gotta do the - white people don't
do survive you have to pay your debt
that's my side not that
when you say thanks I'm your best more
like adult toys this is my heart you
stole my toilet seat oh nice Dorsey's
it's one thing about me think you can
rub me out me wow I have never been
inside this home the crown molding is
amazing this would be a great house to
live in
the pros come April 1st
oh my gosh she